Dear Dr, 

This is a 85 y/o man wih 
[Active problems]
1. Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, with pulseless electrical activity, status post cardiopulmonary resuscitation 10 minutes, with return of spontaneous circulation, status post hypothermia therapy
2. Septic shock, suspect aspiration pmneumonia
3. Cerebral vascular disease, lacunes in right basal ganglion and left pons
4. Multiple tiny tree-in-bud nodules in bilateral lungs, suspect pulmonary tuberculosis?
[Inactive problems]
5. Suspicious cystic lesion in pancreas head, with dilatation of pancreatic duct
6. Compression fracture of T11
7. Multiple system atrophy , stage IV (since 2011), with bradykinesia, atxia, severe orthostatic hypotension, frequent fainting, and urine incontinence
8. Diabetes mellitus, type 2
9. Benigh prostatic hyperplasia
10. Moderate obstructive sleep apnea
  
  The EEG on day 3 showed nearly absence of EEG activities. The GCS remained E1M1Vt and the light reflex, cough reflex were absent. The brain perfusion SPECT on 10/8 (D7) showed:
* Mild to moderate hypoperfusion to bilateral cerebral hemisperes.
* Increased flow to the paranasal region, which could be secondary to decreased brain perfusion/edema.
* Mild to moderate hypoperfusion to bilateral cerebral hemispheres (L worse than R), worst at left temporal lobe, left superior frontal gyrus, and anterior cingulate gyri; moderate to severe hypoperfusion to thalami; mild to moderate hypoperfusion to upper brainstem; and preserved perfusion to basal ganglia.
* Increased intercaudate distances.

  Low respiratory drive was noted, and possible ventilator-dependent condition in the future had been informed to the families. After discussion, the families favored ventilator withdraw. 
  家人表示, 病人之前在家意識都清楚, 但因為Parkinsonism行動不便, 需外傭協助照顧．病患平時跟小兒子同住哈密街, 其他子女也都住在附近．病患太太很堅持希望病患可以回家拔管,或是留一口氣回家．
  團隊已跟家屬解釋撤管的事前準備工作(可用藥處理), 撤管後可能發生的呼吸窘迫(可用藥處理), 以及撤管後無法預測往生時間(替代方案:形式上留一口氣回家)．如果想要回家拔管, 需有家人學習症狀控制的藥物注射, 要有家人願意執行拔管動作, 也要能夠處理其餘突發狀況; 但家人認為他們自己較難做到, 也怕臨陣慌亂, 但家人會先去問問看救護車是否可以有隨車醫護人員協助．


[Assessment] 
DNR(-), 末期註記(-)
Consciousness: coma
ECOG: 4
Dying signs: 
Desaturation (-), Chenye-stoke (-), Death rattle (-), hypotension (-), 
Decreased urine output (-), cold extremities (-), Sclera edema (-)
Psychosocial issue:  withdraw of ventilator
安寧共照同意書: 已給, 未收回
安寧病房入住同意書: 未給

會談對象: 大女兒, 二女兒, 二媳婦, 四兒子
1.Main caregiver: 外傭
2.Main decision maker: 太太與兒女共同討論
3.Awareness: 病人無法評估, 家人知病末
4.Acceptance: 急性調適
5.Propriety: 未討論
6.Timelessness: 想留一口氣回家

Plan:
1.Hospice introduction and we'll arrange Hospice combined care. 
2.Psychosocial support. 
3.Please feel free to contact us if any problem. (東址共照辦公室63274)
4.Family meeting will be arrranged by 3C2 staff on 10/15, 11am.  

Thanks for referal.

R4林怡妏52213/VS姚建安