Brief Summary of this week    
[Brief history]
  This 82 y/o man has ALS who has suffered from aspiration pneumonia with respiratory failure, s/p tracheostomy in 2015/08, under home ventilator use. He was ADL/iADL totally dependent.
   This time, he was found change without respiratory movement at around 1pm on 1/8 while lying on the bed. He was sent to our ER and PEA was found by EMT. Sternal compressure was given for total 26 minutes with ROSC. Brain and chest CT revealed effacement of cerebral gray/white matter junction. Right face, arm, and bilateral legs intermittent twitching were noted. Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy with myoclonus or epilepsy was suspected. Empirical Tazocin was given for fever and suspect recurrent aspiration pneumonia. EEG showed intermittent episodic independently laterlized or generalized rhythmic or semi-rhythmic theta waves (4-5 Hz, 40-60 uV) in either hemisphere against a nearly electrosilent background. He was admitted to stroke ICU for further management.

[Treatment course]
After admission, Tazocin was administered, but fever recurred on 1/9, and antibiotics was switched to Meropenem. Fever subsided afterwards, with slightly improving leukocytosis. Due to presence of anemia and tarry stool, Pantoloc IV was administered, and transfusion 2U was performed. SSEP revealed no significant cortical response and BAEP revealed prolonged latency. Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy was impressed. There was no signficant improvements in neurological deficits. Family meeting was arranged for further management, and his wife decided to keep supportive treatment now. 
He was transferred to general ward on 1/20. EEG f/u (2 weeks post CPR) showed isoeletric tracing without any responses to the alerting maneuvers, which was compatible with hypoxic encephalopathy. 
Another EEG f/u was done on 1/29 and still revealed isoeletric tracing without any responses to the alerting maneuvers. He has spontaneous yawning and self-trigger respiration occaionally. Intermittent tachycardia was noted. The general condition was stationary. Therefore, family meeting was arranged on 02/15 14-15 o'clock for discussing about disposition and possible condition after withdrawl of ventilator and withdrawl ventilator permission. 
