Brief Summary of this week    
[Treatment course]
    After the admission, the laboratory report showed leukocytosis, elevated C-reactive protein (CRP), acute kidney injury (AKI), and hyperkalemia. The chest X-ray showed right upper lobe (RUL) consolidation. Empirical antibiotics of ceftriaxone was given intravenously under the suspicion of pneumonia. The chest computed tomography (CT) on February 20, 2017 showed lung cancer, right hilar, tentative staging T4N1M0. The abdominal CT did not show evidence of abdominal metastasis. The brain CT showed merely brain atrophy, with bilateral parotid tumors noted. Bronchoscope was performed on February 22, 2017, and it showed right main bronchus endobronchial lesions with easily bleeding. The biopsy was done and the pathology reported carcinoma in situ. The antibiotic was switched to cefepime for coverage of Pseudomonas. The treatment course was complicated with acute on chronic kidney disease with uremic symptom of nausea, vomiting, gastrointestinal bleeding (GIB), and encephalopathy. Nephrologist was consulted for further evaluation, and emergent hemodialysis was instituted on March 1, 2017. The treatment course was complicated with massive tarry stool on March 5, 2017. Somatostatin and proton pump inhibitor were given for possible ulcerative bleeding. The esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD) on March 7, 2017 showed duodenal oozing ulcers. Argon plasma coagulation was done subsequently. However, he still had lots of tarry stool despite adequate component therapy. EGD was arranged again on March 10, 2017. It revealed duodenal oozing ulcers, and epinephrine injection was done immediately. He still had lots of tarry stool subsequently. Radiologist was consulted for further evaluation. Angiography was arranged, and it showed extravasation of duodenal branches of gastroduodenal artery (GDA) and branches of superior pancreaticoduodenal artery (SPDA). Trans-arterial embolization was done smoothly on March 11, 2017. However, the treatment course was complicated with hypovolemic shock with subsequent asystole on March 14, 2017. Cardiopulmonary cerebral resuscitation (CPCR) was instituted immediately. He had return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) several minutes later. The post-resuscitation head CT did not show hypoxic encephalopathy. We informed his family of the poor prognosis, and they finally signed 'do not resuscitation' permit. The laboratory report did not show abnormal endocrine or electrolyte profile. The electroencephalography (EEG) did not show epileptiform discharge. The followed chest X-ray showed bilateral pleural effusion. Pigtail drainage was instituted on March 22, 2017. He had difficulty in weaning process. We will keep current management in the following days.

[Plan]
1. Esomeprazole 40 mg Q12H
2. Levetiracetam 1000 mg QN
3. Tranexamic 750 mg Q8H
4. Hemodialysis QW 2, 4, 6
5. Consider withdrawal of endotracheal tube if his family agrees 
