Brief Summary of this week    
After transfer to hospice ward, we completed the 8-day-treatment course of Ceftazidime for urinary tract infection. Scopolamin was administered for intermittent heavy sweating. Frequent posture change and chest care were suggested for bed-ridden status. Poor prognosis was explained to the family and we assisted with advanced care plan. After discussion with the patient's mother, she wished not to take further life prolonging action to avoid patient suffering. We administered intensive symptomatic treatment and assited with advanced care plan. 
  He had frequent pridocal limbs movement with agitation, especillay when he was discomfort. The Foley tube obstruction once on 4/18 with fever, profound weating and agitation, which resolved after Foley tube exchange. 
  The frequency of frequent pridocal limbs movemen increased recently, with profound sweating increased. The care giver reported patient seems to have positive response to the question if he had headache. Acetaminophen was used but the effect was limited, so we administered ultracet, and later shift to morphine solution 2mL. After morphine use, agitation, sweating, and decerebrate posture frequencty decrease. UTI with fever and turbid urine developed on 5/11, and oral Cefuroxine was given. Fever resolved. 

Problem Assessment Plan   
          
PAP 1 
Assessment 
tracheostomy(+), NG(+), Foley(+)
stupor consiousness, E4VTM2, spontaneous eye opening and occasional trace, cachexic, decerebrate status
intermittent headache (被詢問時病人以張大眼睛表示) and sweating
=> after adding morphine, the frequency of headache and sweating decrease
出院準備: 5/2父母親與神外杜永光醫師會議,家屬詢問預期壽命,杜醫師表示病情生命徵象穩定,無法準確判斷存活期
父母親了解患者需要長期照護機構,也承諾會盡快找機構
父母表示不想轉院,住家太小也無法出院回家照顧,想要等長照機構找好後,直接轉機構
5/5 家庭會議:患母表示目前有請朋友幫忙找長照機構,承諾會盡快 (詳見紙本會議紀錄)
5/6 電聯不到家屬
5/8 電聯不到家屬
5/9 母親表示目前考慮轉心福護理之家,或是轉院
5/10 父母表示已找好忠孝醫院護理之家, 目前進行入住前檢驗,忠孝護理之家於5/12將派人來評估病人狀況

coarse breath sounds
regular heart beat 
normo-active BoS, tympanic on percussion, no obvious tednerderness, no muscle guarding 
no pitting edema

Plan 
1. aggressive chest care, sputum increase today, add Actein
2. position change Q2H
   inbed rehabilitation 
3. scopolamin (R't ear) use for profound sweating 
keep rivotril 1# Q8H for hypertonia and periodical trunkal movement
4. keep morphine solution 2ml Q4H
5. psychospiritual support to the family 
6. 進行護理之家入住前檢驗, report pending
7. avoid foley occlusion
5/1臨床心理師進行身心障礙鑑定評估已完成