Dear doctor:
    This is a 86 y/o female ex-smoker, heavy, ADL dependent, nearly bedridden. Underlying disease as following:
   - CAD. 3VD, s/p POBAS to LAD, LCX and RCA with is insignificant in-stent re-stenosis of LAD and LCX,  and PD-PL bification to PLA proximal 70% stenosis of RCA s/p POBAs to right coronary artery on 2011/10/4
   - ESRD under hemodialysis (QW246 at 萬華佳得H, Left AVF since 2015, DW: to be determined)
   - CHF NYHA functional class III
   - DM, HTN, dyslipidemia, PAOD
   - COPD 

    She was admitted to our ICU on 6/14 due to OHCA and VF. Sick sinus syndrome was diagnosed after ROSC and PCI to RCA was performed and PPM were inserted. Her condition stablized and transfer to GW on 6/24. However, poor consciousness and distressed breathing noted on 6/25. Hypercapnic respiratory failure was noted which suspect hospital acquired pneumonia and COPD AE related. ETT+MV was performed again immediately and abx upgrade to Mempam now.  Due to poor prognosis of the patient, hospice combined care was consulted.

[Assessment]
DNR(-), 末期註記(-)

Consciousness:alert but could not express
ECOG:4
Vital signs:unstable, O2 therapy and levophed use
Dying signs:
Desaturation (+), Chenye-stoke (-), Death rattle (-), hypotension (+),
Decreased urine output (-), cold extremities (-), Sclera edema (-)

Main symptoms: Dyspnea
Pain control:Fentanyl cIF
安寧共照同意書: 已給尚未收回
安寧病房入住同意書: 未給
1.Main caregiver: 兒子
2.Main decision maker: 大兒子及小兒子
3.Awareness: 病人無法評估知病知末及家屬知病知末
4.Acceptance: 急性調適
5.Propriety: 未定
6.Timelessness: 未定

會談內容:
病人無法評估知病知末及家屬知病知末,因病情惡化預後不佳經原團隊評估後照會安寧團隊,給予安寧共同照護內容介紹及情感支持.
訪視時與兩位兒子會談,家人希望病人採舒適照護,病人意識清楚時曾表示不接受急救,家人考慮若拔管後再次發生呼吸衰竭的狀況,則不再插管.

Plan:
1. We have introduced hospice combined care to her family.
2. Please give psychological support. 肯定疾病治療歷程, 肯定家人陪伴, 鼓勵四道人生
3. Hospice combined care will be arranged. We will follow up this patient.
4. Agree with your current treatment.
5. Thanks for your consultation and contact us if any problems: 63274 東址共照辦公室

              R4 高聖倫/VS 姚建安