This 61 year-old female has history of:
1. Dilated RA, RV ad LA, moderate mitral valve and tricuspid valve regurgitation, mild pulmonary regurgitation
2. severe pulmonary hypertension (peak TRPG 67.2mmHg)
3. suspect restrictive cardiomyopathy
4. hyptertension
5. chronic atrial fibrillation
6. Recurrent cerebral infarction with left hemiparesis, dysphagia and apraxia of speech on 2013/5/29
7. history of acute decompensated congestive heart failure with large pericardial effusion

This time, she suffered from falling down in 11/21 evening and had head injury. She was brought to our ER. PE showed left calf ecchymosis and left occipital area swelling. Initial GCS was E4V1M6. Brain CT showed no noted finding so she was discharged asfter several hours' observation. 

However, drowsy conscious was noted since this morning(7am) and she vomited several times. She was brought to NTUH ER again. Initial conscious was E2V1M4-5 with isocortic pupil. Brain CT showed: (1)Bilateral SAH, more on the left side and basal cistern. (2)Scalp hematoma. Because of decreased consciousness, she is admitted to 4FI for close observation. After admission, re-checked GCS is E1V1M4. Mild enlarged left-eye pupil with equivocal light reflex was also noted. Brain CT was performed again and showed mildly enlarged ventricle without increasing of ICH according to Neurosurgeon. Intubation was done and FFP was transfused due to prolonged INR (8.07). After INR was corrected back to acceptable range(< 2), she underwent EVD placement on 11/22.

However, conscious deterioration and obstruction of EVD were noted this week. We repeated CT scans and found brainstem ICH, and cerebellum ICH with IVH. Her conscious is E1V1M4 now and pupil size are 6mm/5mm (R/L). We held family meetings and informed about poor prognosis. 

1.please revise DNR(endo部分)，
2.please complete撤除同意書(目前法令只要第一順位親屬一位同意，且不違反病患清醒時意願可成立)(首頁需兩位專科醫師確認病患為末期),請在確定大兒子之意願,不想撤除或簽立之罪惡感,協助哀傷輔導,如有需要可再舉行家庭會議

3.同意書完成後請與家屬確認撤除時間(12/12)，當天務必家屬陪同，醫護團隊包含RT
4.ventilator withdrawal，上週已告知家屬移除後,可能不會立即往生
5.流程:
  (1)taper IVF gradually 6 hours before
  (2)disconinue monitors and alarms
  (3)consider atropine 0.4 mg SC stat or buscopan stat 30 mins before
withdrawal to decrease secreation
  (4)consider medication: morphine(begin with a 10 mg IV
bolus and begin infusion at 5-7 mg/hr, if distress, repeat
upward titration every 10 minutes) and lorazepam(begin with
a 2.5-10 mg IV bolus and repeat boluses every 15 minutes as
need)
  (5)Ventilator: Over 0-5 minutes, reduce FiO2 to room air
and PEEP to 0; proceed over 0-15 minutes to reduce the respiratory rate and tidal volume or target pressure on the ventilator to 0.