Brief Summary of this week 
anticonvulsive medication with  depakin , keppra, anxicam and cash propofol were perscribed . 
EEG was arranged on 9/30(Day4)of admission showed nearly continuous slow waves at 2-5 Hz, 15-30 uV. It reveals severe cortical dysfunction with prominent muscle artefacts.
We consulted Neurology for her suspected seizure/myoclonus movement under anxicam and propofol (AEDs: depakine and keppra). Neurologist suggested she was Generalized cortical myoclonus, favor to be related to hypoxic encephalopathy. Suggestion was taper off propofol gradually and add Rivotril (titrate accodring to the severity of myoclonus).
Persisted high fever was noted but the Blood ,urine and sputum culture were all negatively. HEad and neck CT was repeated on 10/5 showed necrosis at nasopharynx and oropharynx with extension to posterior nasal cavity and right mouth floor. Recurrent tumors at naso/oropharynx to right mouth floor, slightly larger. We held family meeting on 10/8 due to 2nd EEG (10/6) and brain perfusion examination showed moderate to severe diffuse cortical dysfunction and Symmetric mild to moderate hypoperfusion to bilateral cerebral hemispheres, worst at bilateral medial temporal (L>R) and frontal (L>R) lobes; mild hypoperfusion to right thalamus; mild to moderate hypoperfusion at upper brainstem.
We had invited oncologist to attend the family meeting as well and they explained that anti-tumor therapy is meaningless if the patient does not regain consciousness. Family fully understood and prefer to withdraw life support system.


Assessment 
2015/09/30 腦波檢查報告
This EEG reveals severe cortical dysfunction with prominent muscle artefacts.

2015/10/05 CT With/Without Contrast-Head and Neck
Large confluent heterogeneously enhancing masses (7.5cm in greatest dimention) with necrosis at nasopharynx and oropharynx with extension to posterior nasal cavity and right mouth floor. post-operative change. Recurrent tumors at naso/oropharynx to right mouth floor, slightly larger

2015/10/06 腦波檢查報告
Interpertation: This EEG reveals moderate to severe diffuse cortical dysfunction. Advise clinical correlation.

2015/10/06 Brain perfusion SPECT (V1)
Symmetric mild to moderate hypoperfusion to bilateral cerebral hemispheres, worst at bilateral medial temporal (L>R) and frontal (L>R) lobes; mild hypoperfusion to right thalamus; preserved perfusion to bilateral basal ganglia; mild to moderate hypoperfusion at upper brainstem.

Plan 
- ABx with Maxipime(10/4~), Aneygyn(10/5~), Targocid(10/8-); Tazocin(9/26-10/4)
- nimbex infusion for severe myoclonus 
- Keep rivotril as neurologist suggestion
- supportive care
- Awaiting withdral life support system after documentation was done